                  Programing Language Risk
                   Made By Gareth Mc Daid
                         Version 0.3
                  Copyright (c) Biosoft 2005.

 The Risk programing language has came a long way its now a full operating
 program language it surports all data types and all data can be assined to
 an array.

 data types avaliable are integer, atoms, and strings.
 The string data type is the most important data type 

 Risk comes with over 10 functions to do with the data type string
 most of these function are to return a part of a string.
 you can remove a part of a string and you can insert a string into a string.

 Risk comes with over 60 functions some of them happen to do the same thing
 or close to the same like the close function and the file_close they do not
 do the same thing but are very a like.

 there are some very important function that are not to be used that is
 because they might cause your computer to crash or cause lost of data
 these function can be used if used in the right way.
 the functions iam talking about are to do with your computers memory
 they give a way to read and to write to memory and to allocate memory.
 these function give you the programmer access to the memory.
 these functions are very esay to uses here a exsample of allocate memory

 address = allocate(100)

 the exsmaple above set 100 bytes of memory to 0 so that they can be read or
 write and set the variable address to the memory address. here a exsample of
 write memory

 mem_write( address , 10)

 the exsample above write a byte in memory at address. here a exsample of read memory

 byte1 = men_read(address)

 the exsample above read a byte of memory at address the variable byte1 has a
 value of 10 

 Welcome

 risk should be makeing me lots of money but its not and do you no what
 i don't what to miss a day of selling my program to the world wide web
 so that a can start my very own software brand called biosoft or bioware
 or biosoftware or risk is very hard to come by you no so bye me...?

 the basic of programming in risk. risk comes with the most basic of commands
 so that it can be uses as a learning programing language. the most basic
 command is to set a variable. a variable is a place where data is store.

 to set a variable to a value you would frist think of a name that would be
 most suted to the data so lets say that the data is some ones name so you
 could give your variable a name of text now that you have decidid up on
 a name for your variable you simple type in text = "gareth" you have just
 set variable text to a value of "gareth".

 the next command you will learn is the for statemnet or for loop for short
 in the above exsices you leaned now to set variable text to "gareth"
 this time you will use the for loop to set a variable. the for loop
 is called a controling statement because it controls the way the program
 executes. the for loop can repeat a block of code a set number of times
 the way it work is you set a variable to a value the value must be data
 type integer that means a number and then you pass a value to the for loop
 to wich is the number that the for loop counts up to when the variable is
 equal to the counting number then that block of code is no longer executed
 here is exsample

 for i=1 to 10 do
    number = i
 end for

 has you can see the for loop locks very simple when you break it down.
 this is how it works variable i is set to a value of 1 and the counting
 to variable to a value of 10 so the code in beween the beging for loop
 and the end for statemnet will be executed 10 times so variable number will
 have a value of 10 ever time the for loop is execute the variable i is set
 to value of one large than it self. you can make the variable i value count
 up or down i show you

 for i=10 to 1 by -1 do
    number = i
 end for

 this time the for loop start of with a value of 10 and counts down by -1
 each time its executed the variable number will have a value of 1

 remember that iam usesing a very slow computer it runs at 500 mhz and the
 memory is 32 mege bytes and most new computers run at 3000 mhz and have a
 memory size of 512 mege bytes so i think my program could easy execute
 5000 lines a second. all the information below has been base on my computer.
 
 risk is a new and up comeing programming language
 risk is very fast program it can execute up to 1500 lines of code a second
 risk can execute a lest 500 lines of code a second and up to 1500 lines
 most languages can execute up to 4000 lines a second so my language is
 still very fast and is very fast when it comes to the graphics and the
 opening of files
 the risk programing language is slow when it comes to variables
 and because variables are uses all the time the overall program is slow
 compare to 4000 lines a second and it get very slow when variables are
 arrays so to speed up your program you might need to wait intill there
 is a fast way of prossing variables...?

 to make the variable system work a lot faster will take some time
 it needs to be write in to memory and this should make it run moor
 faster but i think that the variable system in uses now will be the fasts
 out of the two so i should put my time in to makeing the current system
 moor faster.

 most of the code for risk is very simple to understand provied you have
 a basic understanding of programming. risk was write in Euphoria
 and has taken 120 hours to program. the code can be yours for œ 10 pound
 so that you can make improvements but not so that you can sell.
 the risk program is copyright to grath mc daid and is the soul owner
 no one else can distrubute risk. i asept no respons abity for damage caused
 to your computer by risk. risk is freeware program for all to use.

              Programming By Gareth Mc Daid 
 Copyrights (C) Biosoft Software LTD. All rights reserved.

 My computer has crashed and i have lost all of my work includeing all the
 risk programing code and i forgot to backup all of my work so iam fuck
 will its not all that bad i do have some of my risk code backup up on a disk
 but its from a very old version will not that old its version 0.2 so one
 down from this one but version 0.3 was a complet wee write and was so mush
 fast and had lost moor functionality. ok so i need to write the hole program
 again but i have a lot of over programs iam in beteew like my new picture
 format and my new drawing program and will i don't actshual need risk at
 this monement in time i mean risk was buitld so i could execute code in my
 programs and i don't have any programs that i can make het that need risk
 so iam going to let it die for the time being and when i get windows i will
 make my visual basic like programing language yes that means i working
 without window and work on disk operating system (dos) i have so menay iders
 but no way to make them or to learn how to make them so plese let me have a
 mouth with out no interupsions to learn and make wot it is i so desier to
 make pleses on windows and the internet thanks gareth lewis mc daid.

 update iam make a new picture format its so much beter than .bmp and .gif
 formats my format .pic has 24 bit colours and transprants and compresion and
 anamtions and i hope to god i can add some sort of colour blending to my
 format just like vector images made by micromeaider and i will make tools
 and let all the souce code and program be downlaod for free and provide code
 so that pepole if they want can use my picture format in ther program.

 i don't think my picture format will be use by anyone to be onest i can't
 see it being used at all and its not being made to make me money but if it
 can then i will be very happy very un likey it could make money

 i want to make a drawing program for windows that will sorport my new
 picture format and these formats bmp, gif i belave i could make this type
 of program in windows because of what i have done in dos i have made two
 drawing programs and i have got to say they were not a challang for me
 one of then was very close to the windows drawing program that comes with
 micosoft windows and in some ways a lot beter then the windows drawing
 program because of the fact that it has a very avances anamtions setup
 and it was writen in dos

 if i could make this drawing program i will beleave iam a good programer
 and that i can program just about any thing i can think of with in realty

 if i am a good programer i would like to make a program that can give the
 pubic when i say pubic i mean some like my mum and dad and frinds a esay
 way to make ther ony programs so long has they have insprebtion to do
 so i think this program could let then make a program like a cdplayer or
 a database program or will i don't no what they will want to make so
 i will say simply programs that they will what to have that they could
 esay go and downlaod for free but want to make there ony for what ever
 reseaon or they can't get because it has not bein made yet or the
 program could be airm at the programer so they can make programs esay and
 faster and add there very fecturs to the program so that they can show the
 world how good they are at programing and to sher they konge

 i hope iam not set back by my lack of exsperco with windows gui code
 or if iam set back by the compley of leraning a new thing then i hope
 not for a long time

 i have come up with a way to make robots a lot smarter than they are now by
 giveing then the abity to rember a place where they have been to befor
 and the abity to chose to go back to that place for what ever resaon
 has sone has they deside to go back to that place they can do without any
 problems at all and of crouse it smart anoth to avold objects

 it works by rembring its path befor it by remening the setps it has
 take to get where it is now and the rest is my secret. no i realy
 think it will work in fact i no it could work as long as somebody how
 had the skils to make what i won't then it would work

 just think about this if you colud remeber every movement you ever made
 to the smallits number then you could work your way back to where
 you start from so long has nothing else has move in to your path but
 if something had move in your path you could make add a new path to your
 exsisting path at the point the object was blocking your path and this path
 work a way a round the object and you all so new a way to attacth this path
 to your exsiting path all this can be done with esay i beleave all you have
 to do is look at the past setps it has taken you to get where you are from
 these setps you could work out your cutrent angel so long has you had a
 starting angel and you can acturly try this your self on your self see if
 you can work it its very simple

 a list of programs i won't to make for windows
 a drawing program               " hard    " free
 a program createing program     " hard    " selling
 a programing language           " hard    " selling
 a program to deveolp web pages  " so hard " selling
 a intenet exsplour              " so hard " free
 a game makeing program          " so hard " free
 a cd/mp3/wav player             " esay    " free
 a autorun maker program for cds " esay    " free
 a install maker program         " esay    " free
 a text editer\briny editer      " esay    " free
 a program to develop euphoria code "any      "any   "maybe

 the drawing program is a smart looking program and very clever it all
 so sorports my new and upcoming picture file format and that means it
 will have some realy good desing put into it because it will be sorporting
 anamtions.

 the program createing tool will devople programs for the user with simpley
 clicking the mouse and draging and droping icons you will beable to make all
 sorts of program rangeing from simple programs like a cdplayer to a complex
 program like a program to deal with a small bisnuis pay role and staf basicy
 a datebase program of corse to be able to work out pay role you will have to
 not type in code but still useing the simple user interface declare variable
 and doing equasons on them of corse if you want to type in code then you can
 but for a program like this it will not be nesarnce

 the programing language program is going to be very cool i think it will
 be base on the game maker core programing language made by make overmenas
 but the program language iam makeing is not airm at games its being made for
 windows forms and the main program wiil look like visual basic made by
 micosoft corp in fact my programing language is going to be the frist to
 be very close to visual basic interface.

 the web page delopement tool is going to be able to deal with all the html
 code you will be able to open web pages and edit them and make new ones
 you will be able to do all the thing you can to a web page insert tables
 insert text insert pictures.

 the intenet explore a long way off

 the game maker tool is going to be just like the game maker made by mark
 overmens

 a list of programs i won't to make for dos
 a gui program     " hard     "free
 a drawing program " esay     "free
